[
Music] anyway I'm going to go check on Villin and respect the trucks okay because in the end we got a bit caught up in the Shokas stats and Shokas crying because he has fewer numbers and earns 50,000 bucks instead of
70,000 okay Javi did you see that the
Nordeltus video was removed from Auron's channel?
Well I didn't see it, honestly I didn't see it. I was
talking to Auron today about the fact
that he had surgery to see how he
was and such and he was pretty fine he
was pretty fine he sent me an audio and
everything he sent me an audio Well he's had a
bad time he's had a bad time eh
Actually he's had a bad time Congratulations to
all the new members Well a
round of applause for Sisuca no, she's given you
a great gift there Let's see what's
happening with Villin that they've laughed at her
because of the viewers and with many more
the Twitch subscriptions will go up 40%
this is for you Deamet you're seeing it there
my people it's time to talk about my
favorite German Sarita deamet there you
are seeing it B The number is not very good
at 357 I saw this today on the
news
eh let's see I understand that neither of course it's that
Sara doesn't have much
more I mean Sara was in eh I think the
times that we've been here doing a
live stream and I've seen her here in
passing while she was connected on Twitch I
think she had 800 viewers I don't know if
maybe it depends on what game but she's
still on Twitch No I have no idea the
truth I have no idea the truth But it
is true that man the times
that I've seen that she was live
maybe with 800 I don't know if maybe
in a specific game or
something that she was doing in particular
in particular maybe they had 1000 or
something you know what I mean but of course if you go
here I understand that they go down a lot I have to
talk to uncle shur to see
what the hell he's up to why is
he making that change okay to know if yes to
do it I don't but I have my doubts
because I already told you that I earn very
well on YouTube and I don't think I'll move
okay but man just in case
something is happening they are offering something that
I don't know about and I miss it you know the time I
saw it live since
Spain was here I watched it with 3000 It's been a
long time since I saw vin with
3000 yes it's true that at the beginning and
such okay it's worth it for sh to
sacrifice their reach for the future and
stagnate in exchange for earning a little more
I wouldn't do it I've tried many
things you know and I've moved a lot a lot
and I don't move anything anymore because
you know what experience has taught me
that The more you move
up and down The more you crash
and The more changes you make to people you
send everything to [ __ ] okay level I
almost told you that I should have
left this channel eh as it was direct
mini without thumbnails you know but well the
way we are right now we're not
going to move you understand it's already halfway
stabilizing not having done
an Peter had 200  in ki of course there
are fewer people who are going to download
ki there are fewer people who are going to
download ki if there are fewer
people who look at Twitch I go to the platform
that is safe the platform that is never going to
go to [ __ ] is going to be youtuber There will
never be competition for
youtuber I have said it many times it is
like when Telegram comes out No sir nobody is going to
be on Telegram to use it because they like it
more than WhatsApp no ​​people
have WhatsApp and that's it there will never be
a platform that competes with
YouTube tiktok tiktok is to watch it while
[ __ ] okay or before going to bed to take
a look or whatever but it is not
for you Search for content and consume it it is
not for you to have a
favorite youtuber that tiktok I see it very
temporary also tiktok I see it that
will have its time I do not see it eh I do not see it I do
not know why YouTube takes it as
a competition tiktok and for example the
streaming platform no I have not
taken into account it does not take it as
competition But you to watch a video a
documentary a review a live you go
there on YouTube on the platform that
comes already installed on the TV that
comes already installed on the tablet on
the mobile phones that no man no no no Look I do
n't know who it was who said I think it was
How did he leave What is the name of the micke crack
who interviewed him delox m Twitch has
a number of users who have
downloaded the application it will be 500,000 It
will be whatever they are okay or 1 million I don't know how many
people have it okay there are 1 million
people on Twitch in the afternoons
and that million people are distributed okay
but YouTube is owned by everyone
YouTube is tens and millions and
millions and millions and millions of
people Okay what do you have to do Well
you have to cover all the topics open
your audience as much as possible okay or
for example in telesalseo I know that in
telesalseo Well the ceiling is at the
maximum number of people who consume that type
of content What is the maximum number of
people who consume that type of
content a few million
people Well all the millions of
people who consume
heartfelt content in Spain okay HM here in the
salsería man  well the salseria the
content is eh the content has a
ceiling because here the gossip of youtuber
Well the ceiling will be the maximum we will never
have more audience Than the ceiling of
the youtubers that we talked about you
understand however the main one is why it is
focusing on all those
topics you understand that it is a
big niche now if you for example imagine
telesalseo Imagine that telesalseo
focused only on Peppa la Loli
Huerta And this and this well from there you are not going
to move more than the 15,000 20,000
people who know about these things from there you are not going
to get out that is your ceiling who knows
who Pepa is Who is going to continue well they are
going to enter bun okay it has served as
filler it has served as filler
while save me this the other you
know but you have to think about that
but well And guess who took advantage of such
circumstance to throw a little
poison I can excuse Nazi tweets and
harass the mother of a
missing minor but traced the  line when
leaving it with auron Play reminder this
is F de camón that Sarita killed enum I
come they are of peace they are of peace yes they are
past they are that I come they are of Peace Man
come on Oh how it was noticed in The Voice the
res Ay ay ay a and he for bank n he he
has he is the type of people like
Felipe And those people And then he has to
mess with villin okay I mean he's
good at the pelada I think he was with
Felipe wismichu and those people no I mean he
stops him for the [ __ ] trucks well his
role is that the villin thing
calling him a Nazi for the tweets from 2013 Yeah
okay eh calling him a Nazi for the tw the
villin tweets from 2013 those are
current okay but the thing about the thing about his
environment and with the people he hangs around with and
with who hte No that those are old
those are things from the past that have
changed already I mean what I mean about villin what
was there is that they start calling him a
Nazi But you [ __ ] go  ata what was
villin eh go atela the element that was what
did to this one what did to the
other okay what about Jeremy's mother okay
but putting on eh the Nazi thing is that it
seems to me since it is that you know that you are
using something that is not the
chat right at that moment nothing nice
yin and of course you can say to villin he
is a friend even of he is a friend of
roldier this good one and of the n no I mean
this one became known because he danced at
a party with anu and they thought it was
funny Uy how funny he dances no but you
can tell villin that he is no longer going
because he has already broken up with Auro and he is already losing
the
public is saying it the whole chat I do
n't need to say
anything they did not hesitate to kick him in the
ass dramatizing something else
a person is going to be kicked out of the series for
lack of personal respect to another
creator it was already said that this was not going to be
allowed insults in a pvp game it is
totally normal and it is okay to make
personal attacks by getting into
people's lives never  it's okay it doesn't matter if
you're in PP or if you're in p or if you're
in role play I don't give a damn about making
personal attacks on people's experiences it's
bad later we found out that these
puppets got carried away by
German tears So what I
did was talk to the administration I
sent them the video this one only had this I
sent them the video and I told them Well it
turns out that well this kid was
harassing me making jokes on Twitter
back in the day and now Well this and I see
that he's also encouraging his chat to
continue harassing me he's not
asking the chat it's okay for them to say
everything so as not to say it eh power with me
instead of saying Hey stop in the chat no Hey
stop no no well the chat is
saying it it said I'm indestructible but
with such a tone of someone we play the
victim it's pretty normal and very but
very deserved that everyone
threw it at the administration I
think that a warning in that case would have
been enough and in fact it has
generated like the opposite effect has not been
attempted to avoid toxicity and in the
end it has  generated 15 times more than that that that if not
no then
in the end it all got messed up So
now we'll have to endure the
downpour and get the hell out it's the game that
turns you on the most in the world but
if you believe my personal Take okay I'm going to
give my opinion just about [ __ ] trucks
okay let's see Holy [ __ ] like What the
[ __ ] I mean LoL I don't understand how they
banned him or something Oh my God I think so
you guys what do you think chat Let's see if in the
rules Let's see it's not that you're
insulting someone because in the game
of [ __ ] your [ __ ] mother that you killed me you
understand me [ __ ] I don't know that's what
shoka said I mean okay perf perf
luare another success that luare sends me
now I mean if you in the game you know but of
course it's that you're attacking now with something
that has nothing to do with the game I don't
know I mean what I didn't see normal was we're not
going to get it out not my thing with London
that was fabric eh that's a handsome melon eh
there's the ras because you already know  that we are
handsome no I mean Jacki told us
directly who asked him to
cast me this ras de vum series which by
the way is coming out very well the
velum series I don't know if you are watching it is coming
out very well a
lot of things are happening people who don't criticize
anyone or say anything and those who are criticized
defend themselves by saying that they have been told
things that I don't know what people whitewashing
Nazis I don't know weird stuff there people
whitewashing Nazis I mean dude this guy
hangs out with a bunch of people who did
worse [ __ ] in 2013 so if you
think the stupid things one did is wrong
you think the stupid things the
other does is wrong It's not even about
justifying villin's tweets for which he
has apologized no no no if you
think they are wrong you think everything is
great in belun okay everything is
great I mean everything is phenomenal
basically what is happening in belun
is one person does something that in
reality he did nothing okay And since the one who does
it is a quite
influential person everyone else  streamers
suck his dick and throw it at the other one
okay that's what's happening nobody
says it but it is like that okay then well
things like that are really disgusting but that's how
Twitch is today eh if you're
big nothing happens what you did
bro absolutely nothing happens let's come
here to suck your dick all [ __ ] day just in
case it doesn't suit us not to
do it anyway instead of coming in a couple of
balls and not inviting the people that we shouldn't
invite to that [ __ ] series I curse
God how [ __ ] disgusting it has nothing to do
with foak in particular that guy called me
cani do you remember you don't remember you don't remember anymore
but that guy in 2019 when he was fighting
with Dallas he called me kani that I
was a kani that I went next to the d that I
was like Robin and Dallas Batman like we
both went hand in hand and only
We go hand in hand on our dates at
night I go I go now we see that
has to do with the fact that things have not been
done well and that the excuses  are how I
hate this turkey eh how bad it is that I don't hate
this turkey how I hate how I
hate this turkey lojas and that there are
people who have abused their power and their
relevance to kick other people out
question now that Sara doesn't have this
superpower all the dem more streamers to
eat her I would do it to her they will pay the same
attention to Chose when she's playing Belum
Well there will be more than 100,000 people
most days they will invite again to
videos with those of the resistance to see
when I go up to Seville to see you have made a
video with those of the resistance domi And
how have they resisted your sexapil How have they been
able to resist all the art that you
bring me domi notice that I had
translated This I had come here to
cure them is that nothing more than the fact that you
are citing an account of a
stalker or stalker that is a
harassment account dude an account that gives
fake news and that is dedicated to uh raise a
certain group of people and cover up what
she likes and harass  eh And to give us
false news he even put some
fake screenshots of do you remember the ones from cats
Well then I had I mean I've already made it clear
that if an account like that already says a lot Don't
believe me that I had put myself here to
translate this but well now we have it I
don't know the truth
[Music]